# Pakudex
This Java project showcases my skills in OOP (Object Oriented Programming).

## Description
NOTE:  This  project  concept  is  a  work  of  satire.  To  state  the  obvious:  we  do  not  advise  one to  go  around  imprisoning creatures in small receptacles held in one’s pockets and/or having them fight for sport.Pouch  Creatures  – abbreviated “Pakuri” –   are  the  latest  craze  sweeping  elementary  schools  around  the  world.  Tiny magical creatures small enough to fit into one’s trouser pouches (with enough force applied, ‘natch) have begun appearing all around the world in forests. They come in all shapes colors. When stolen from their parents at a young enough age, they can be kept in small spherical cages (for their own good) easily carried by elementary school  children  (though  they  are  also  popular  with  adults).  This  has  led  to  an  unofficial  catch  phrase  for  the  phenomenon –   “Gotta  steal  ‘em  all!”  – a  play  on  the  abbreviation  “Pakuri”  (which  doubles  as  Japanese  slang  meaning “to steal”). Young children can then pit their Pakuri against one another in battle for bragging rights or to steal them from one another. (Don’t worry – they heal their wounds quickly!)Of course, keeping track of all these critters can be a real task, especially when you are trying to steal so many of them  at  such  a  young  age!  You’ve  decided  to  cash  in  – hey,  if  you  don’t  someone  else  will  –   on  the  morally  ambiguous phenomenon by developing an indexing system – a Pakudex – for kids and adult participants. 
